Short version:

Stefan Schmid is a Professor at the Technical University of Berlin, Germany. MSc and PhD at ETH Zurich, Postdoc at TU Munich and University of Paderborn, Senior Research Scientist at  T-Labs in Berlin, Associate Professor at Aalborg University, Denmark, Full Professor at the University of Vienna, Austria, and Sabbathical as a Fellow at the Israeli Institute of Advanced Studies (IIAS), Israel. Stefan Schmid received the IEEE Communications Society ITC Early Career Award 2016 and an ERC Consolidator Grant 2019.

Longer version:

Stefan Schmid is a Full Professor at the Technical University of Berlin, Germany, working part-time for the Fraunhofer Institute for Secure Information Technology (SIT). He is also a Principle Investigator of the Weizenbaum Institute for the Networked Society in Berlin. He obtained his diploma (MSc) in Computer Science at ETH Zurich in Switzerland (minor: micro/macro economics, internship: CERN) and did his PhD in the Distributed Computing Group led by Prof. Roger Wattenhofer, also at ETH Zurich. As a postdoc, he worked with Prof. Christian Scheideler at the Chair for Efficient Algorithms at the Technical University of Munich and at the Chair for Theory of Distributed Systems at the University of Paderborn, in Germany. From 2009 to 2015, Stefan Schmid was a senior research scientist at the Telekom Innovation Laboratories (T-Labs) and at TU Berlin in Germany (Internet Network Architectures group headed by Prof. Anja Feldmann). In 2013/14, he was an INP Visiting Professor at CNRS (LAAS), Toulouse, France, and in 2014, a Visiting Professor at Université catholique de Louvain (UCL), Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium. From 2015 to 2018, Stefan Schmid was a (tenured) Associate Professor in the Distributed, Embedded and Intelligent Systems group at Aalborg University, Denmark, and from 2018 to 2021, a Full Professor at the Faculty of Computer Science at the University of Vienna, Austria.
In 2022, Stefan Schmid was a Fellow at the Israeli Institute of Advanced Studies (IIAS)
  in Jerusalem, Israel. 
 Since 2021, he is a Council and Board member of the European Association of Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS) and also serves as the Editor-in-Chief of the Bulletin of the EATCS. Since 2019 Stefan Schmid is an Editor of IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (ToN). From 2015 to 2021, he was the Editor of the Distributed Computing Column of the Bulletin of the EATCS, and from 2016 to 2019, an Associate Editor of IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management (TNSM). Stefan Schmid received the IEEE Communications Society ITC Early Career Award 2016 and acquired several major grants including an ERC Consolidator Grant, various other EU grants (e.g., STREP and IP projects) and national grants (e.g., three FWF projects),  a German-Israeli GIF grant, a Villum Fonden grant, a WWTF grant, and various German grants (e.g., from BSI and BMBF). In 2015, he co-founded the startup company Stacktile supported by Germany's EXIST program, and in 2020, he helped establish the Vienna Cybersecurity and Privacy Research Center (ViSP) for which he also served in the executive board. Stefan Schmid's research interests revolve around the fundamental and algorithmic problems of networked and distributed systems.

Short version in German:

Stefan Schmid ist Professor an der Technischen Universität Berlin, Deutschland. Er hat an der ETH Zürich promoviert, war Postdoc an der TU München und der Universität Paderborn, Senior Research Scientist bei den T-Labs in Berlin, außerordentlicher Professor an der Universität Aalborg, Dänemark, und ordentlicher Professor an der Universität Wien, Österreich. Stefan Schmid erhielt den IEEE Communications Society ITC Early Career Award 2016 und einen ERC Consolidator Grant.

